Clue README (#305)
microsoft/vscode-python-devicesimulator: README.md

  
  [<img alt='bbc micro:bit' src='https://raw.githubusercontent.com/microsoft/vscode-python-devicesimulator/dev/assets/readmeFiles/microbit/microbit.png'>](#bbc-microbit-simulator)

- [**Adafruit CLUE**](#adafruit-clue-simulator) (hidden behind preview flag)
  

>   [<img alt='Adafruit CLUE' src='assets/readmeFiles/clue/clue.jpg'>](#adafruit-clue-simulator)

Reviewer: The other pictures have an absolute link. I think it might be connected with the marketplace having issues otherwise, maybe not.
Either way I would make it consistent with the others.

Author: I talked to Vandy about this and he said that he had to make two PRs to resolve this (one for relative img links and another one for absolute links)

Reviewer: Thanks for checking!
I would assume that since we are checking in the images in this commit, once it's pushed to the appropriate branch the images should display correctly. What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Done :D

  - [MicroPython documentation](https://microbit-micropython.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
  - [BBC micro:bit examples on the official micro:bit website](https://microbit.org/projects/make-it-code-it/?filters=python)

### Keyboard Shortcuts
- Push Button: <kbd>A</kbd> for Button A, <kbd>B</kbd> for Button B, <kbd>C</kbd> for Buttons A & B
- Refresh the simulator: <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>R</kbd>
- Run the simulator: <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>F</kbd>

## Adafruit CLUE Simulator

> NOTE: This simulator is hidden under the feature flag. See below on how to enable the feature flag.

Reviewer 2: Should we call it "preview mode flag" because that is what the setting is called?
```suggestion
NOTE: This simulator is hidden under the preview mode flag. See below on how to enable the preview mode flag.

```
